Egress Perimeter Controls GA (#16916)
cockroachdb/docs: _includes/v22.2/misc/note-egress-perimeter-cdc-backup.md

{{site.data.alerts.callout_info}}

> We recommend enabling Egress Perimeter Controls on {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters to mitigate the risk of data exfiltration when accessing external resources, such as cloud storage for change data capture or backup and restore operations. See [Egress Perimeter Controls](../cockroachcloud/egress-perimeter-controls.html) for detail and setup instructions.

Reviewer: Are we generally doing this now? I can't remember.

```suggestion
Cockroach Labs recommends enabling Egress Perimeter Controls on {{ site.data.products.dedicated }} clusters to mitigate the risk of data exfiltration when accessing external resources, such as cloud storage for change data capture or backup and restore operations. See [Egress Perimeter Controls](../cockroachcloud/egress-perimeter-controls.html) for detail and setup instructions.
```
